# Add-ReleaseEnvironment

## SYNOPSIS
Starts the deployment of an environment in an existing release.

## SYNTAX

### Parameter Set 1
```
Add-ReleaseEnvironment [-ProjectName] <String> [-Force] [-ReleaseId <String>] [-EnvironmentId <String>] [-EnvironmentStatus <String>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Add-ReleaseEnvironment will start the deployment of an environment
within an existing release.

You must call Add-TeamAccount before calling this function.

## EXAMPLES

## PARAMETERS

### ProjectName
Specifies the team project for which this function operates.

You can tab complete from a list of available projects.

You can use Set-DefaultProject to set a default project so
you do not have to pass the ProjectName with each call.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: True (ByPropertyName)
Dynamic: true
```

### Force
Forces the command without confirmation

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: False
Pipeline Input: false
```

### ReleaseId
Specifies the Id of an existing Release in which you want to deploy
to a particular environment.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
Dynamic: true
```

### EnvironmentId
Specifies the Id of the Environment you wish to deploy to.
The Environment Ids are unique for each environment and in each release.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
Dynamic: true
```

### EnvironmentStatus
Specifies the status in which to set the environment.
The deployment of an environment is triggered by changing the status of the environment.

The currently supported status change is from 'notStarted' to 'inProgress'

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
Dynamic: true
```

## INPUTS

### System.String


## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

This function has a Dynamic Parameter for ProjectName that specifies the
project for which this function gets release s.

You can tab complete from a list of avaiable projects.

You can use Set-DefaultProject to set a default project so you do not have
to pass the ProjectName with each call.

## RELATED LINKS


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.36*
