# Get-BuildDefinition

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the build defintions for a team project.

## SYNTAX

### Parameter Set 1
```
Get-BuildDefinition [-ProjectName] <String> [-Filter <String>] [-Type <String>]
```

### Parameter Set 2
```
Get-BuildDefinition [-ProjectName] <String> -Id <Int32[]> [-Revision <Int32>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Get-BuildDefinition function gets the build defintions for a team
project. The project name is a Dynamic Parameter which may not be displayed
in the syntax above but is mandatory.

With just a project name, this function gets all of the build definitions
for that team project. You can also specify a particular build defintion
by ID.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
PS C:\\\>
```powershell
Get-BuildDefinition -ProjectName Demo | Format-List *
```

This command gets a list of all build definitions in the demo project. The
pipeline operator (\|) passes the data to the Format-List cmdlet, which
displays all available properties (\*) of the build defintion objects.

## PARAMETERS

### Filter
Filters to definitions whose names equal this value. Append a \* to filter to
definitions whose names start with this value. For example: MS\*.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### Type
The type of the build definitions to retrieve (build, xaml). If not
specified, all types will be returned.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: All
Pipeline Input: false
```

### ProjectName
Specifies the team project for which this function operates.

You can tab complete from a list of available projects.

You can use Set-DefaultProject to set a default project so
you do not have to pass the ProjectName with each call.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: True (ByPropertyName)
Dynamic: true
```

### Id
Specifies one or more build defintions by ID. To specify multiple IDs, use
commas to separate the IDs. To find the ID of a build defintion, type
Get-BuildDefinition.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 2
Aliases: BuildDefinitionID

Required: true
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: True (ByPropertyName)
```

### Revision
Specifies the specific revision number of the definition to retrieve.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 2
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: -1
Pipeline Input: false
```

## INPUTS

### You can pipe build defintion IDs to this function.


## OUTPUTS

### Team.BuildDefinition


## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-TeamAccount
Set-DefaultProject
Add-BuildDefinition
Remove-BuildDefinition]()


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.36*
