# Remove-ReleaseDefinition

## SYNOPSIS
Removes the release defintions for a team project.

## SYNTAX

### Parameter Set 1
```
Remove-ReleaseDefinition [-ProjectName] <String> [-Id] <Int32[]> [-Force]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Remove-ReleaseDefinition function removes the release defintions for a
team project. The project name is a Dynamic Parameter which may not be
displayed in the syntax above but is mandatory.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
PS C:\\\>
```powershell
Get-ReleaseDefinition -ProjectName demo | Remove-ReleaseDefinition
```

This command gets a list of all release definitions in the demo project. The
pipeline operator (\|) passes the data to the Remove-ReleaseDefinition
function, which removes each release defintion object.

## PARAMETERS

### Id
Specifies one or more release defintions by ID. To specify multiple IDs, use
commas to separate the IDs. To find the ID of a release defintion, type
Get-ReleaseDefinition.

```yaml
Type: Int32[]
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: True (ByPropertyName)
```

### Force
Removes the specified release defintion without prompting for confirmation.
By default, Remove-ReleaseDefinition prompts for confirmation before
removing any release defintion.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: False
Pipeline Input: false
```

### ProjectName
Specifies the team project for which this function operates.

You can tab complete from a list of available projects.

You can use Set-DefaultProject to set a default project so
you do not have to pass the ProjectName with each call.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: True (ByPropertyName)
Dynamic: true
```

## INPUTS

### You can pipe release defintion IDs to this function.


## OUTPUTS

### None


## NOTES

This function has a Dynamic Parameter for ProjectName that specifies the
project for which this function gets release definitions.

You can tab complete from a list of avaiable projects.

You can use Set-DefaultProject to set a default project so you do not have
to pass the ProjectName with each call.

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-TeamAccount
Set-DefaultProject
Add-ReleaseDefinition
Get-ReleaseDefinition]()


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.36*
